feat(setting): add engine image pod liveness probe settings (#12868)
longhorn/longhorn: chart/README.md

| defaultSettings.fastReplicaRebuildEnabled | Setting that allows fast rebuilding of replicas using the checksum of snapshot disk files. Before enabling this setting, you must set the snapshot-data-integrity value to "enable" or "fast-check". |
| defaultSettings.freezeFilesystemForSnapshot | Setting that freezes the filesystem on the root partition before a snapshot is created. |
| defaultSettings.guaranteedInstanceManagerCPU | Percentage of the total allocatable CPU resources on each node to be reserved for each instance manager pod. The default value is {"v1":"12","v2":"12"}. |
| defaultSettings.engineImagePodLivenessProbePeriod | In seconds. The setting specifies the interval between liveness probes for engine image pods. The default value is 5 seconds. |
| defaultSettings.engineImagePodLivenessProbeTimeout | In seconds. The setting specifies the timeout for the engine image pod liveness probe. The default value is 4 seconds. |

> | defaultSettings.engineImagePodLivenessProbeFailureThreshold | The setting specifies the number of consecutive failed liveness probes before an engine image pod is restarted. The default value is 3. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| defaultSettings.engineImagePodLivenessProbePeriod | Interval (in seconds) between liveness probes for engine image pods. The default value is 5 seconds. |
| defaultSettings.engineImagePodLivenessProbeTimeout | Timeout (in seconds) for each liveness probe. The default value is 4 seconds. |
| defaultSettings.engineImagePodLivenessProbeFailureThreshold | Number of consecutive failed probes before the pod is restarted. The default value is 3. |
```
